untreated sewage flows in the open on
the streets of
Rafa nearly 5 months of Israeli bombing
has left the sanitation system in ruin
clean water has become extremely hard to
get there is no infrastructure public
roads are dirty and flooded with sewage
and garbage diseases have spread and if
it continues like this the situation
will be irreversible especially that
there are now many children and elders
who are already
sick piles of garbage grow larger
between the tents erected all over
Rafa outbreaks of disease are increasing
with gaza's children especially
vulnerable my son has contracted
hepatitis virus because of the unhealthy
and unclean conditions we are living in
we are living in a tent that cannot
protect us from cold or rain in addition
the entire surroundings are dirty the
whole whole area is dirty and polluted
hunger cold and disease are devouring
our
children nearly 1 and a half million
Palestinians who've been forced from
their homes are
suffering the United Nation says the
surge in infectious diseases coupled
with the collapsed Health Care system
has led to a public health
disaster there are no proper toilets it
is really hard to describe hospitals
cannot accommodate the injured and we
cannot find treatments for the sick what
adds insult to injury is the soaring
prices of all Commodities even if we can
find them many Palestinians seeking
refuge in Rafa are those who've escaped
the Israeli offensive that's both
indiscriminate and extensively
destructive some of the survivors say as
well as the threat from Israeli attacks
at any time they also fear a slow death
from preventable
disease Felix noara Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
alzer